=head1 Name

docbook2pod - convert Docbook XML files into POD text

=head1 B<Synopsis>

B<docbook2pod [OPTIONS] FILE|->

=head1 B<Options>

-h, -?, --help
Show brief help message.


=over 5


=item -m, --man




Show this manual page


=item -v, --version




Show the utility and module version


=item -d, --debug




Turn on debugging output


=item -o, --outfile




Output filename or output suffix to append if multiple input files


=item -r, --recurse




Recurse down current directory looking for files matching docbook
suffix and proccess


=item -d, --recursedir




Recurse down specified directory looking for files matching docbook
suffix and process


=item -m, --merge




Merge produced POD into source file with same name minus docbook
suffix. All existing POD will be stripped from the target file.


=item --xsltproc_exe




Location of xsltproc binary


=item --xsltproc_xsl




Location of xlstproc stylesheets for converting docbook to man
pages


=item --groff_exe




Location of the groff binary


=item --rman_exe




Location of the polyglot rman binary


=item --xmlsuffix




Suffix of docbook files. Defaults to .xml


=item --podsuffix




Suffix of pod files. Defaults to .pod

=back


=head1 B<Description>

The B<docbook2pod >command is a wrapper around the following pseudo-code
pipe

xlstproc | groff | rman

with appropriate options to convert a Docbook article into a Perl POD
file. It can optionally merge the resulting POD file into an existing
Perl document (e.g. .pl or .pm).

=head1 B<Notes>

The B<docbook2pod >command use the Docbook2Pod Perl module. The
Docbook2Pod Perl module assumes all binaries and stylesheets required
are installed on the system and in well-known locations.

If the Docbook2Pod module cannot fine the binaries or stylesheets
needed you can supply locations via the options.

=head1 B<Examples>

B<docbook2pod foo.xml>

Display the POD generated from the foo.xml docbook source .

B<docbook2pod -m foo.pl.xml>

=head1 B<Author>

Written by Andrew Speer, <andrew.speer@isolutions.com.au>

=head1 B<Copying>

This file is part of Docbook2Pod.

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Andrew Speer
<andrew.speer@isolutions.com.au>.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

Full license text is available at:

<http://dev.perl.org/licenses/>
